# Simbad-robot-simulator

Implements a system using the 3D Simbad robot simulator. The purpose of the application is to simulate a futuristic mining company which will gather resources from asteroids and other minor planets. A mining operation is carried out by two robots in total, where each has a different configuration. There are two kinds of configurations the robots can be in, namely exploration and mining mode. If in the former mode, the robot will look for minerals present in the environment and return the location to the base. When in the latter mode, it will collect the minerals according to the results of the previous robot in exploration mode. These two modes were split, in order to accurately represent reality in our simulation. This way we split the task in such a way that one robot without the gear can locate the mineral and the other with the gear can extract it. This is especially advantageous as the environment is unknown at the beginning of the operation.

Each mining simulation starts from a central point with at least two robots ready to operate, where one must be of type A and the others of type B. As robot A, which is in exploration mode, is sent out to discover mineral locations, robot B, which is in mining mode, will launch until a signal is received from robot A. Once robot A sends the signal to robot B, robot B will navigate to the location specified by the signal. In the meantime, robot A continues locating other minerals. This behaviour is repeated until enough minerals are collected. The robots move through the environment according to a basic version of the pathfinder algorithm called D Star as used in a space mission for the Mars rover
